Identity credential unavailable error non json imds (#36016)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/identity/azure-identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - Raised `CredentialUnavailableError` in IMDS credential if the response is not json. ([#35938](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35938))

Reviewer: Suggestion to outline the new behavior:
```suggestion
- Allow credential chains to continue when an IMDS probe request returns a non-JSON response in `ManagedIdentityCredential`. ([#36016](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/36016))
```
